Updates to IdP README and CONTRIBUTING guidance. (#4479)
18F/identity-idp: README.md

> Identity-IdP (Upaya)

Reviewer: RIP one more reference to the Upaya codename :pour_one_out:

[![security](https://hakiri.io/github/18F/identity-idp/master.svg)](https://hakiri.io/github/18F/identity-idp/master)

Login.gov is the public's one account for government. Use one account and password for secure, private access to participating government agencies.

This repository contains the core code base and documentation for the identity management system powering secure.login.gov.

## Contributing to this code base

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the login.gov IdP! For complete instructions on how to contribute code, please read through our [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) documentation.

## Creating your local development environment

There are two methods that we recommend for installing for local development. One is container based with Docker, while the other is focused on your local machines installation (advanced). For those who are not familiar with setting up local environments on your machine, we recommend [installing with Docker](#installing-with-docker).

### Installing on your local machine

> This installation method is meant for those who are familiar with setting local development environments on their machines.

Reviewer 2: small nit: "with setting up local development environments"?

Author: Updated here 277a4f0

1. To start, make sure you have the following dependencies installed and a working development environment:

> - Ruby 2.6.5+

Author: Update to 2.6

- [PostgreSQL](http://www.postgresql.org/download/)

> - [Redis 2.8+](http://redis.io/)

Author: Update to Redis 5+

  ```bash
  MONITOR_ENV=INT ./bin/smoke_test --remote
  ```

#### Speeding up local development and testing

  To automatically run the test that corresponds to the file you are editing,
  run `bundle exec guard` with the env var `GUARD_RSPEC_CMD` set to your preferred
  command for running `rspec`. For example, if you use [Zeus](https://github.com/burke/zeus),
  you would set the env var to `zeus rspec`:
  ```console
  GUARD_RSPEC_CMD="zeus rspec" bundle exec guard
  ```

  If you don't specify the `GUARD_RSPEC_CMD` env var, it will default to
  `bundle exec rspec`.

  We also recommend setting up a shell alias for running this command, such as:
  ```console
  alias idpguard='GUARD_RSPEC_CMD="zeus rspec" bundle exec guard'
  ```

#### Viewing email messages

  Login.gov uses a tool called [Mailcatcher](https://github.com/sj26/mailcatcher) to view email messages locally. When Mailcatcher is running, visit http://localhost:1080/ to see them.

>   We spin up a Mailcatcher process be default through `make run`, but if you want to run Mailcatcher as a standalone process, just run:

Reviewer: one last nit... "by" default:

```suggestion
  We spin up a Mailcatcher process by default through `make run`, but if you want to run Mailcatcher as a standalone process, just run:
```

>   $ psql -c "CREATE DATABASE upaya_test;"

Reviewer 3: For future consideration, we should see if we can integrate the database creation into the `make setup` step, to reduce the number of steps by one.

  ```

  Q: Why "Upaya"?

>   A: "skill in means" https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Upaya

Author: Make sure this goes to a new line

4. Run the following command to set up your local environment:

  ```
  $ make setup
  ```

  This command copies sample configuration files, installs required gems

>   and sets up the database. Check out our Makefile commands learn more about what this command does: https://github.com/18F/identity-idp/blob/master/Makefile

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  and sets up the database. Check out our Makefile commands to learn more about what this command does: https://github.com/18F/identity-idp/blob/master/Makefile
```

Could also integrate the link into the text:

```suggestion
  and sets up the database. Check out [our Makefile commands](https://github.com/18F/identity-idp/blob/master/Makefile) to learn more about what this command does.
```

  ```bash
  ./bin/smoke_test --local
  ```

  To run the smoke tests against a deployed server, make sure you set up a `.env` file with the right configuration values, see [monitor_config.rb](spec/support/monitor/monitor_config.rb) for the full list of environment variables used. The script below will `source` that file and add the variables to the environment.

  ```bash
  MONITOR_ENV=INT ./bin/smoke_test --remote
  ```

#### Speeding up local development and testing

  To automatically run the test that corresponds to the file you are editing,
  run `bundle exec guard` with the env var `GUARD_RSPEC_CMD` set to your preferred
  command for running `rspec`. For example, if you use [Zeus](https://github.com/burke/zeus),
  you would set the env var to `zeus rspec`:
  ```console
  GUARD_RSPEC_CMD="zeus rspec" bundle exec guard
  ```

  If you don't specify the `GUARD_RSPEC_CMD` env var, it will default to
  `bundle exec rspec`.

  We also recommend setting up a shell alias for running this command, such as:
  ```console
  alias idpguard='GUARD_RSPEC_CMD="zeus rspec" bundle exec guard'
  ```

#### Viewing email messages

>   To view email messages, Mailcatcher must be running. You can check if it's
>   running by visiting http://localhost:1080/. To run Mailcatcher:
> 
>   ```
>   $ mailcatcher
>   ```

Reviewer: Mailcatcher is run as a background process through `make run` by default, can we say something along those lines? (Also encourages `make run` as a common development style)

```suggestion
  We include a tool called Mailcatcher to view email messages locally. When Mailcatcher is running, visit http://localhost:1080/ to see them.
  
  We spin up a mailcatcher process be default through `make run`, but if you want to run Mailcatcher as a standalone process, just run:

  ```
  $ mailcatcher
  ```
```

Reviewer: (ok so the nested ``` blocks did not do well...please do not just accept this change as-is because it'll mess up the code block)

Author: @zachmargolis updated here 226713e

Reviewer: thank you!

  If you would like to run the application on a different port:

  * Change the port number for `mailer_domain_name` and `domain_name` in `config/application.yml`
  * Run the app on your desired port like `make run PORT=1234`

#### Translations

  Login.gov translates the IdP into English, French and Spanish. To help us handle extra newlines and make sure we wrap lines consistently, we have a script called `./scripts/normalize-yaml` that helps format YAML consistently. After importing translations (or making changes to the *.yml files with strings, run this for the IdP app:

  ```
  $ make normalize_yaml
  ```

>   [mac-test-passphrase-prompt]: mac-test-passphrase-prompt.png "Mac Test Passphrase Prompt"

Reviewer 2: 🤔  I don't see this part rendering.  This image renders far below?  Werid.
Oh, I guess this is just an image definition?  Should prolly move it down towards where it is used?

Author: Good catch! Updated here d272d86

>   If you would like to preview the translations on a particular page, add
>   `?locale=es` to the end of the URL, such as `http://localhost:3000/?locale=es`.
>   Currently, you'll need to add `?locale=es` to each URL manually.

Reviewer: This is out of date. Technically this still works, but we put the locale as the first segment of URLs, such as `/es/login/piv_cac`, can we update this?

```suggestion
  If you would like to preview the translations on a particular page, use the Language dropdown in the footer of the website. To manually override a locale, add the locale as the first segment of the URL:
  - http://localhost:3000 becomes http://localhost:3000/es
  - http://localhost:3000/sign_up/enter_email becomes http://localhost:3000/es/sign_up/enter_email  
```

#### Viewing outbound SMS messages and phone calls

  To see outbound SMS messages and phone calls, visit `http://localhost:3000/test/telephony`.

#### Adding a custom proofing vendor

    We've added the ability for you to use a custom proofing vendor when developing locally. Here is an example of how you would configure that in your local development environment:

    Check out the private repository for `somevendorname`

    ```
    $ cd vendor
    $ git clone git@github.com:18F/identity-somevendorname-api-client-gem.git somevendorname
    ```

    Add appropriate vendor environment variables to `config/application.yml` -- see a member of the

>     login.gov team for credentials and other values.

Reviewer: This is not a common workflow anymore, I'd consider just removing it?

Author: Talked to the team and 💯 to removing. Good call!

Author: Updated here 226713e

> #### Developing without the internet

Author: Remove

  If you want to develop without an internet connection, you can set
  `RAILS_OFFLINE=1` in your environment. This disables the `mx` record
  check on email addresses.

  If you want to measure the app's performance in development, set the
  `rack_mini_profiler` option to `'on'` in `config/application.yml` and
  restart the server. See the [rack_mini_profiler] gem for more details.

  [rack_mini_profiler]: https://github.com/MiniProfiler/rack-mini-profiler

> #### Viewing event and log data

Reviewer 4: Maybe not in this PR, but I don't think ANYONE uses this...

Author: Removing 💥

To explore the data with Kibana, visit http://localhost:5601

> ##### Troubleshooting for Kibana errors

Author: Removing

12. Refresh the Kibana website. You should now see new events show up in the
Discover section.

> #### Setting up gGeolocation

Author: Updated here 02b2756

> #### Setting up gGeolocation

Reviewer: best commit description ever!!

Login.gov uses MaxMind Geolite2 for geolocation. To test geolocation locally, you will need to add a copy of the Geolite2-City database to the IdP.

The Geolite2-City database can be downloaded from MaxMind's site at [https://dev.maxmind.com/geoip/geoip2/geolite2/](https://dev.maxmind.com/geoip/geoip2/geolite2/).

Download the GeoIP2 Binary and save it at `geo_data/GeoLite2-City.mmdb`.
The app will start using that Geolite2 file for geolocation after restart.

> #### Generating IdP user flows

Author: Remove.... for Hooper.

This will output your site to `public/site/user/repository` for quick publishing to [Federalist](https://federalist-docs.18f.gov/pages/using-federalist/). To test compatibility, run `simplehttpserver` from the app's `public` folder and visit `http://localhost:8000/<FEDERALIST PATH>/user_flows` in your browser.

> #### Troubleshooting

Author: Remove
